DevOps in 2 simple word and if to be more clear I would like to explain
all DevOps prioncipes and needing according to the projects in which I took an active part.
There are 2 ALM Octane and NextGen Syncronizer.
These project descriptions you can find on the following links so that I don't see a reason not
to explain a functionality of them. I recommend to see a demo in order to realize an importance of 
princepis which I will describe later.
So if I'm going back to saying "all DevOps principes", it's also is not clear beacuse I used the specific 
tools and went by the specific way - Continuous Deployment (CD).
I try to explain why do we need Continuous Deployment or DevOps methodologies here.
As you saw this project has a Web Interface. This is a multitenant system. Tenant is some big company (bank,
insure  or medical company, etc) with many users. And of course, we see that for these purposes need to connect
to database or if to be more exact, need to use database clusters.
An idea was implemented by Development team as On-Premise on one server. 
Web portal is connecting to Web Service and Web Service is interacting with the Data Base.
But this system is multitenant with thousands users and as we can understand resourses of the server,
where was implemented this project, are not sufficient for all users.
So what to do????
We are going to the Cloud. And we see essentiality of the following things as PAAS(Platform As Services) and
of course SAAS(Software As Services).
For this purpose in order this product will work effectly need to build the infrastructure (many servers
with the specific configurations, Reverse Proxy, Load Balancers) and need to change a software according to this
new infrastructure.
How to change????
And we are going back to the question. Why do we need CD - Continious Deployment?
All the time product is modifyed, modernized and new product version is released.
But how to update or upgrade a new version? We have a more than 100 servers on the Cloud and
how is it possible to install a new version here? 
This is a main part of Continious Deployment.
I use Jenkins tool in order to automate deployment process: to take an appropriate version from
artifacts repositories, to download a latest source code from Git. GitHub is one of the possible 
repositories for managing and controlling source versions.
After I use orchestration technique for deployment a specific version on the specific SAAS farm.
Ansible - is very perfect tool for managing complex deployments.
And the latest question: what happens if some server is not working or something happened on the 
specific server or even few servers???
I use monitoring tool Nagios. It helps me to monitore a status of all servers and I can to prevent
some problems before "fire is growing".
I hope my article is found usable and practical for you.
At the next article I will try to describe about a more technologies and practical examples in the 
world of DevOps and Cloud :)








